breaking: Update dependencies (#259)
RasaHQ/rasa-x-helm: README.md

helm delete <your release name>
```

## To 4.0.0

The rasa-x-helm chart in version 4.0.0 introduces the following breaking changes:

Update chart dependencies to the latest available version, below you can find listed a summary of major changes compared to the previous version used by the rasa-x-helm chart:

* Redis - the chart for Redis is updated to version 15.

  - Credentials parameter are reorganized under the `auth` parameter.
  - The `cluster.enabled` parameter is deprecated in favor of `architecture` parameter that accepts two values: `standalone` and `replication`.
  - `securityContext.*` is deprecated in favor of `XXX.podSecurityContext` and `XXX.containerSecurityContext` (`XXX` can be replaces with `master` or `replica`).
  - `redis.redisPort` is deprecated in favor of `master.service.port` and `replica.service.port`.

>   A full list of changes between versions for the Bitnami Redis chart can be found [here](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/bitnami/redis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A full list of changes between 10.5.14 and 15.7.4 versions for the Bitnami Redis chart can be found [changelog](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/bitnami/redis#to-15-0-0).
```

* RabbitMQ - the chart for RabbitMQ is updated to version 8.

  - `securityContext.*` is deprecated in favor of `podSecurityContext` and `containerSecurityContext`.
  - Authentication parameters were reorganized under the `auth.*` parameter:
    - `rabbitmq.username`, `rabbitmq.password`, and `rabbitmq.erlangCookie` are now `auth.username`, `auth.password`, and `auth.erlangCookie` respectively.

>   A full list of changes between versions for the Bitnami RabbitMQ chart can be found [here](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/bitnami/rabbitmq).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A full list of changes between 6.19.2 and 8.26.0 versions for the Bitnami RabbitMQ chart can be found in the [changelog](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/bitnami/rabbitmq#to-8-21-0).
```

> * RabbitMQ - the chart for PostgreSQL is updated to version 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PostgreSQL - the chart for PostgreSQL is updated to version 10.
```

  - Default PostgresSQL version is updated from `12.8.0` to `12.9.0` (a dump/restore is not required for those running 12.X)
  - The term `master` has been replaced with `primary` and `slave` with `readReplicas` throughout the chart. Role names have changed from `master` and `slave` to `primary` and `read`.

>   A full list of changes between versions for the Bitnami RabbitMQ chart can be found [here](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/bitnami/postgresql).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A full list of changes between 6.19.2 and 8.26.0 versions for the Bitnami RabbitMQ chart can be found in the [changelog](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/bitnami/postgresql#to-8-0-0).
```
